doc(v1.27.6-rev.1): update compatibility matrix and release note (#69)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-on-premises: docs/releases/v1.27.6-rev.1.md

# On Premises add-on module release 1.27.6-rev.1

Welcome to the latest release of `on-premises` module of [`Kubernetes Fury Distribution`](https://github.com/sighupio/fury-distribution) maintained by SIGHUP team.

> This minor release is compatible with Kubernetes 1.27.6 and add Nvidia and registries configuration support to ContainerD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This revision release is compatible with Kubernetes 1.27.6 and adds Nvidia container toolkit and registries configuration support to ContainerD.
```
